What's the matter with the master coming to me in such a hurry?
Advocate adults
I heard that Leijia has offered 51% of the shares
Want to join the Kunlun system
This time I came with the same idea
master
I knew it!
This inheritance banquet and the selection banquet were arranged by you
I really don't think it's necessary to dress up so big
Where is this going?
I'm still waiting for your wedding reception
After you hold the inheritance ceremony
I will choose the royal road auspicious day for you.
date marriage
If you are in such a hurry, you can try it.
Okay, it's up to you.
But I just heard people say
Leijia intends to take a 51% stake
Remember the Kunlun Iron Line
If you don't tell me, I almost forgot about this little thing
I still don't like his assets
But you take over the Kunlun lineage
You have to take a few capitalists as dog legs
Is it convenient to use?
Can I change someone else?
It's not good to go home
Of course.
Three days later.
You are the justifiable ancestor of Kunlun
It's not up to you who you want to use
Getting ready to get married at the end of next month
How are you happy about other things?
Master, wait for the master.
Okay, go get ready
Give your Zhao family once
The opportunity to enter the curriculum